# White Dwarf UK Issue #90 – June 1987
## Open Box
Warhammer Battle, Call of Cthulhu, Power Barons and a couple of adventures...  Page 2

## Awesome Lies
Not a single word can be believed. Page 6

## Thrud
Hack! Slay! Rend! Carl Critchlow!  Page 11

## Green & Pleasant Language
Marcus Rowland offers a few choice words for Call of Cthulhu. Page 12

## Ten Years On
Ian Livingstone used to dream of living in a corridor...  Page 16

## Critical Mass
Books, with an appreciative Dave Langford. Page 19

## The Magard Scrolls
Jon Quaife offers a few fragments of knowledge for RuneQuest II. Page 20

## Fear & Ignorance, Ignorance & Fear
John Saunders brings new joys into the lives of Paranoia players. Page 22

## Gobbledigook
Goblins and Games Workshop, by Bil. Page 24

## Practice Makes Perfect
Acquiring skills in Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay by Jim Bambra and Phil Gallagher. Page 26

## Killing in Silk
Not all is as it seems, in this AD&D adventure by Matt Connell. Page 34

## You'll Never Take Me Alive, Cop - Aarrgh!
Why play Judges when perps are so much fun Judge Dredd?  Carl Sargent elucidates - and gets five years for Elucidating in Public!! Page 42

## 'Eavy Metal
John Blanche explains the new Citadel Arcane Armorials Page 48

## Ravening Hordes Revisted
£2000 in Citadel Miniatures still to be won!!! Page 51

## The Difference
Women and Roleplaying (1), by Erica Lidman Page 52

## A Monstrous Regiment
Alison Brooks on Roleplaying and Women (2) Page 52

## Illuminations
The birth of a cover, with Peter Jones Page 56

## The Ley Of The Land
Standing stones, mystery and earth power by Graham Staplehurst Page 58

## Tales From Mega-City One
Hugh Tynan, Judge Dredd and three whole adventures! Well, sort of... Page 66

## Letters
Graeme Davis sews a few mailbags... Page 72

## We Gotta Traitor To Find...
New cards for Rogue Trooper by Graeme Davis and Jervis Johnson Page 75 & Back Cover

## Classifieds
101 Uses For A Dead Roleplaying Game Page 76
